calling all programmers calling all
programmers this has been Dorset's
Darrow and trying to get been rubbed to
work inside of windows seven before I
going before I actually show you some
the problems I'm experience and i would
like to let you guys know that um I've
been rubbed is pretty much just a an
installer that installs grub for das
inside of Windows I have not really ever
seen an installer that I've been
satisfied that installs a rub for das
inside of windows so I tried to create
my own installer that installs broke for
das inside of Windows and coming along
some difficulties I've already gotten
the installer to work in windows XP
Windows Vista and I built a version for
windows 9x but I haven't fully tested
the 9x version out I'm going to be
installing Windows ME or windows 98
later on to test it now snowing that
it's pretty much just grub for das um
I'm going to install a bankrupt
so I'm going to install it
once again I've got to run as
administrator so we're going to run it
as administrator and then I'm going to
click gasps and now we're going to click
Next
i'm gonna click I agree and we're not
going to download it because ah takes
too long for the video i would also like
to mention once again i already
mentioned in my previous video that i
have successfully gotten it to download
the installer to download the files off
the internet so as you can see this is
the problem i'm experiencing with
installing it through windows seven just
so you know all of my windows
installations are legitimate versions of
windows that i have purchased from
microsoft over the years this version of
windows seven uh actually i was given to
me i didn't buy it but it was given to
me and it is a legitimate disc so i also
want to mention that the it's not that
the windows seven is not activated i
don't know if that has something to do
with it i doubt it does but um if you've
installed a grub for das manually
without you now using any special GUI
tools
and have been able to do it successfully
please tell me how you did it ah
remember I can't I can't I can't be
using GUI tools to make up and grubbed
so you know um just because it's going
to be a lot more difficult i need to
know how the commands that are involved
in installing it so if you've used to
command line tool i can i can finagle
something so if you've used command line
tool please tell me what I how you did
it with the man line tool if you didn't
use any special command line tools and
you did it right within a windows seven
please share how you did that uh thanks
uh uh uh
you